---
description: >-
  Changelog archives for updates before January 1st, 2019.  Not finding what
  you're looking for? Send a message to support@bugsplat.com.
---

# Archive 2015-2018

{% hint style="info" %}
**Looking for the current changelog?**  To get current product updates please view our current [Changelog](../) or follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/BugSplatCo/) (we post updates there as well).
{% endhint %}

## 09-Dec-2018: New Crashes Page Release

* BugSplat has released a rebuilt version of the Crash page. This release includes the launch of new features including:
* **Advanced column filtering options:** use the +Add Filter button to quickly find the crashes you're searching for based on an expanded field of inputs.
* **Customizable column visibility settings** easily show or hide columns to improve your workflow in BugSplat.
* **In-row crash details:** click the far left > to see information on any crash without having to navigate to the individual crash page.
* **Improved crash comment column:** quickly add comments to an individual crash from right on the All Crash page.

## 09-Nov-2018: Unity Native Version 1.2.0

* Added support for passing flags to BsSndRpt. The BugSplat.MSDF\_LOGCONSOLE flag will instruct BsSndRpt to not remove the dmp file when posting a crash report. Fixes bug that prevented some crash reports from being sent to BugSplat.

## 31-October-2018: SendPdbs 2.1.0.3

* This update forces SendPdb symbol uploads to use TLS1.2, which improves security during upload. The log output has also been updated to include timestamps and a new /verbose flag which may be useful in diagnosing slow uploads. The new version of SendPdbs can be downloaded separately and is also included in the updated versions of the Windows Native, Windows .NET, Unreal, Unity, and Crashpad SDKs.

## 19-Oct-2018: Planned Database Upgrade

* BugSplat will be upgrading our database on Saturday October 27th. The website will be operational during the upgrade, however, there will be a short period of time where new data will not be persisted in the updated database. If you notice any missing data from the morning of 27-Oct-2018 (MST) please contact support@bugsplat.com. Our support team is here to recover anything that is critical.

## 17-Sept-2018: BugsplatMac

* Released version [1.0.7](https://github.com/BugSplatGit/BugsplatMac/releases) of the BugsplatMac SDK. This release includes support for multiple file attachments.

## 15-September-2018: Planned Database Upgrade

* We experienced brief periods (1-2 minutes) of web app downtime during our database upgrade on Saturday September 15th. During these periods new crash reports may have been rejected by our servers.

## 30-August-2018: Intermittent Authentication Errors

* From August 28th through the morning of August 30th, BugSplat experienced intermittent errors connecting to our AWS DynamoDB database. These errors typically appeared under high load. As a result, some customers experienced failures during login or when using SendPdbs for automatic symbol uploads. A restart of our EC2 instances appears to have cleared the problem. Our investigation to determine the root cause of the issue continues. _Postmortem: It appears that configuration changes to a DynamoDB table invalidated some existing DynamoDB connections. A restart cleared the problem._

## 27-August-2018: Version 3.6.0.6

* This release fixes a bug in setGuardBytesBufferSize() in the Windows Native SDK. All customers using setGuardBytesBufferSize() should upgrade to this version.

## 14-August-2018: Unreal Upgrade

* Integrating Unreal with BugSplat is now performed by configuration changes in the Unreal environment. See our [Unreal docs](../../../introduction/getting-started/integrations/game-development/unreal-engine.md) for a full description. Our previous Unreal SDK package has been removed from the site.

## 07-August-2018: Electron Crash Analysis

* Electron spawns multiple processes and applications should call electron.crashReporter.start in each process to register a Crashpad/Breakpad handler with the appropriate metadata. In the past, failure to register all processes could result in crash reports that could not be analyzed. BugSplat now attempts to provide a good default when this information isn't supplied.

## 01-August-2018: Dashboard Release

* Dashboard replaces Overview as the in-app landing page. Includes improvements to charting, mobile responsiveness, and analytics.
* Compare crash rate across custom timeframes.
* Easily view total crash volume using custom timeframes.
* Drill down by application, database, and version.
* Compare crash rate to previous timeframes

## 30-July-2018: Version 3.6.0.5

* Added new method setGuardBytesBufferSize(). This can be used along with the MDSF\_USEGUARDMEMORY option to specify the size (in bytes) of the guard buffer. The default buffer size is 4 mb.

## 11-June-2018: Unity Native Version 1.1.0

* Added support for Unity 2018.1.

## 25-May-2018: Unreal Version 1.4.0

* Added the ability to specify a folder with additional files that will be attached to the crash report upload.

## 25-May-2018: Unity Native Version 1.0.1

* Fixed an issue where crashes that occurred in quick succession wouldn't post correctly. Fixed an issue locating crash files on systems when the username was changed and no longer matched the user profile directory.

## 25-May-2018: GDPR Compliance

* Published [document](../../../introduction/production/security-privacy-and-compliance/gdpr.md) outlining the steps we've taken to be GDPR compliant. It includes details on how to enter into a DPA with BugSplat. Further updates to our [Security](../../../introduction/production/security-privacy-and-compliance/) page as well as our [Privacy Policy](../../../introduction/production/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy.md).

## 02-May-2018: SendPdbs Version 2.1.0.0, BsSndRpt Version 3.6.0.2

* Upgrade of SendPdbs that improves symbol uploads and provides additional information on the Symbol Details page. This version also improves the Symbol Details page performance. Fixed an issue in BsSndRpt with '&' characters in the user description.

## 12-Apr-2018: Unity Cross-Platform Version 1.4.0

* Added ability to specify a callback that is executed after an error is posted to BugSplat via Reporter.SetCallback(Action callback). Fixed a warning about UnityWebRequest.Send being obsolete.

## 11-Apr-2018: bugsplat-js 3.0.0

* Released version [3.0.0](https://github.com/BugSplat-Git/bugsplat-js/releases) of bugsplat-js. This release adds a convenience function to automatically exit your application when it encounters a fatal error. Version 3.0.0 also adds the ability to specify an options object as well as a callback per invocation of bugsplat.post which is helpful for handling non-fatal errors. The full release notes for this version can be found [here](https://github.com/BugSplat-Git/bugsplat-js/releases/tag/v3.0.0).

## 26-Feb-2018: BugsplatMac 1.0

* Released version [1.0](https://github.com/BugSplatGit/BugsplatMac/releases) of BugsplatMac. This release includes support for attaching files to a crash report and for customizing the BugSplat dialog image.

## 22-Feb-2018: Website Updates

*
  * Manual symbol upload page improvements. Symbols now upload directly to Amazon S3 improving speed and reliability.
  * Breakpad and Mac symbols uploads are now supported on the manual upload page
  * "All" menu link renamed to "Crashes"
  * Pending crash reports on the Crashes page now have an active link that navigates you to the crash details page.
  * Common symbols libraries are now supported for all crash types. Previously only Windows symbols were supported.
  * Additional debugger output is now available for Mac and Breakpad crash reports. To view, select the "Calculate Details" and then the "Debugger Output" buttons for any crash report.

## 15-Feb-2018: Electron Automatic Symbols

* Symbols for Electron applications can now be automatically resolved. Select the new Include Electron Symbols checkbox on our [Settings](https://app.bugsplat.com/v2/options) page to enable this feature.

## 29-Jan-2018: Unity Update

* We are happy to announce beta support for native Windows crashes in Unity and Unity Plugins! Check out our [docs](../../../introduction/getting-started/integrations/game-development/unity.md) page for more information regarding how to configure Unity native support.

## 22-Jan-2018: Website Update

* Changes to address security issues including improved protection against cross site forgery requests and issues with email addresses that map to existing database names.

## 20-Jan-2018: BugsplatMac Update

* Released version [0.9.20](https://github.com/BugSplatGit/BugsplatMac/releases) of BugsplatMac. This release includes a fix for an issue in archive uploads as well as updates to embedded libraries.

## 13-Jan-2018: Website Update

* Fixed a bug on our backend that was preventing macOS console application crashes from calculating correctly.

## 04-Jan-2018: Amazon ELB Outage

* Our web application experienced temporary connectivity issues when Amazon's Load Balancers in the US-EAST-1 region went down. The outage lasted a painful 13 minutes from 3:31:58 PM UTC-7 to 3:45:16 PM UTC-7. The issue has been resolved and our awesome crash reporting service is operating normally. Please feel free to send us a note if you have any questions or compliments.

## 20-Jan-2018: Website Update

* Old versions of SendPdbs have been retired as scheduled. If automated symbol uploads are not working for you, please upgrade to the latest version of SendPdbs (version 2.0.0.1) found [here](https://app.bugsplat.com/browse/download\_item.php?item=sendpdbs).

## 14-Nov-2017: Version 2.2.0

* Original error parameter from bugsplat.post is now passed to the callback method as the 3rd parameter (requestError, responseBody, originalError). Fixed a bug where callback wasn't invoked when there was an error posting to BugSplat.

## 09-Nov-2017: Website Update

* Rate limiting introduced for BugSplat website pages with the URL app.bugsplat.com. This rate limiting should not affect normal user navigation. However, customers integrating with our web services API should be prepared to handle HTML Error Code 429 - Too Many Requests.

## 07-Nov-2017: Version 1.3.1

* Added support for newline character (\r\n) in the UE4 CrashReportClient -Description parameter.

## 06-Nov-2017: Version 1.3.0

* Added ability to set the Key parameter via command line arguments.

## 06-Nov-2017: Version 3.6.0.0

* Default values for user, email and description now appear in crash dialog. Improved BsSndRpt usage dialog.

## 24-Oct-2017: Version 3.5.0.6

* Fixed a bug with large user descriptions which could cause crash uploads to fail.

## 19-Oct-2017: Version 2.1.0

* Added logic and tests to ensure that BugSplat raises helpful errors when called with invalid parameters.

## 18-Oct-2017: Version 2.0.3

* Added ability to optionally inject and control logging settings. Consumers of bugsplat-ng4 can now supply an instance of their own logger given it has the methods, error, warn, info and log. Consumers can also control the verbosity of log statements emitted by BugSplat.

## 08-Nov-2017: Version 1.3.0

* Added Unity 2017 support. Fixed bug where 2 dialogs were shown for prompted exceptions.

## 02-Oct-2017: Version 3.5.0.5

* Improvements to out-of-memory crash reporting. We now allocate a larger guard memory block and free it earlier in the unhandled exception handler code. All Native Windows applications should use the MDSF\_USEGUARDMEMORY flag to enable crash reports in out-of-memory situations. Also added back support for internal IP address reporting, which was dropped in version 3.4.0.2.

## 25-Oct-2017: Version 1.0.0.

* Replaced setCallback with observables/subscriptions. Added type for BugSplat API response data. Removed extraneous dependencies and improved download times dramatically. Build changes to target ES5.

## 17-Sept-2017: Version 0.0.3

* Performance improvements.

## 10-Sept-2017: Version 0.0.1

* Initial release of Angular ErrorHandler support

## 28-Aug-2017: Version 3.5.0.4

* Changed event log source name to include database and appName. This avoids potential conflicts when multiple applications are using BugSplat on the same computer.

## 02-July-2017: Version 3.5.0.3

* Fixed uptime calculation and added LaunchCount and LaunchToLastCrashTime entries to Windows native XML files.

## 20-June-2017: Version 1.2.0

* Added support for invoking CrashReportClient with command line parameters.

## 19-June-2017: Version 3.0.0

* Added support for UWP.

## 6/15/2017 - Version 3.5.0.2

* Added support for '+' characters in version numbers.

## 14-June-2017: Version 2.0.1

* Asynchronous uploading of additional files.

## 13-June-2017: Version 1.0.1

* Initial release of node.js error reporting.

## 08-June-2017: Version 3.5.0.1

* Fixed a bug that prevented the tech support response page from displaying in certain circumstances.

## 27-May-2017: Version 1.1.0

* Added support for paths containing spaces.

## 24-May-2017: Version 3.5.0.0

* Support for upload size limit per database. Added option for user to specify zip file path. Forced all network traffic to be on secure HTTPS.

## 19-May-2017: Version 3.4.0.3

* Added removeAdditionalFiles() method.

## 12-May-2017: Version 3.4.0.2

* Upload size restriction now enforced per database. Enterprise customers can get options to upload crash reports larger than 2mb. Crash reports now post directly to S3, for improved speed and reliability.

## 10-May-2017: Updates

* Added yjr BugSplatRc project to the .NET library in addition to the Native library where it has been for a long time. The resource-only DLL built by this project is used to define the crash dialog displayed to users by BsSndRpt.exe
* Updated BugSplatRc project name to BugSplatRc.vcxproj
* Settings for compiling EventLog.mc now work with paths containing spaces
* Release version changed to 3.4.0.1

## 28-April-2017: Version 1.0.0

* Initial release of BugSplat’s CrashReportClient.

## 21-April-2017: Version 3.4.0.0

* Converted to Unicode build. Dropped MBCS and C interfaces. Added setMinidumpType(), previously only available to a limited set of customers.

## Native SDK updates 21-April-2017

* Updated to Unicode build only.
* Dropped support for MBCS interfaces.
* Added support for setMinidumpType().
* Release version changed to 3.4.0.0

## Updates 26-Dec-2016

* Samples now use .NET 4.5. This allows us to support unwatchedExceptions. Added new UnwatchedException test in myDotNetCrasher.
* Updated BsSndRpt instructional text for manual uploads of crash reports which is displayed when there isn't a network connection. The previous links were displaying an out-of-date URL
* Samples now use .NET 4.5. This allows us to support unwatchedExceptions. Added new UnwatchedException test in myDotNetCrasher.

## Updates 22-Oct-2016

* Updated Windows zip downloads. References to bugsplatsoftware.com changed to bugsplat.com.

## Updates 01-Oct-2016

* BugSplat Native dll version 3.3.4.0
* Fix for 64-bit dynamic dll loading. 64-bit pointers were not being preserved.
* Native SDK zip and HTML documentation updated

## 27-Nov-2016

* Fixed incorrect link for manually posting crash reports.

## 07-Sept-2016

* Added support for setResourceDllPath().
* BugSplat native SDK version 3.3.3.0
* BugSplat logo update
* BsSndRpt support for Resource DLL path API function

## 26-July-2016 - Version 2.1.0

* Defect fixes and performance improvements.

## Updates 22-June-2016

* Fix for bug where typing too many characters into the text edit box prevents the crash report from being sent.

## Updates 03-March-2016

* SendPdbs update Usage text now refers to www.bugsplatsoftware.com/symbols
* Cleaned up error messages for improper usage.
* Updated version to 3.0.0.3

## Updates 03-March-2016

* Header file change to indicate MDSCB\_GETADDITIONALFILECOUNT is obsolete, not just deprecated

## Updates 29-December-2015

* Native SDK update
* BsSndRpt updated dialog text.
* Removed dbghelp.dll/lib from Native SDK
* Added sendAdditionalFile() API
* Added myConsoleCrasher sample which replaces bulky myCrasher sample
* Updated version to 3.3.2.0

## Updates 23-August-2015

* Updated dbghelp.dll to version 6.3.9600.17200
* Updated Java SDK. Fix for Java platform-dependent return value of System.getProperty("java.io.tmpdir"). On some platforms it is file-separator terminated, others not.
* Also deleted a stale duplicate version of BugSplat.java source.
* Updated .NET version to 1.1.03

## Updates 06-May-2015

* New doxygen manual page for BugSplatDotNet
* Fix for chinese characters in user-description

## Breakpad Updates 04-May-2015

* Added Breakpad support for Mac OS/X Yosemite
